[actor runtime config] Add note for timeouts and intervals format (#3439)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/actors/actors-runtime-config.md

| `remindersStoragePartitions` | Configure the number of partitions for actor's reminders. If not provided, all reminders are saved as a single record in actor's state store. | 0 |
| `entitiesConfig` | Configure each actor type individually with an array of configurations. Any entity specified in the individual entity configurations must also be specified in the top level `entities` field. | N/A |

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> Timeouts and intervals use [Go's ParseDuration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) format.

Reviewer: Should we include 1-2 examples as well?

| `remindersStoragePartitions` | Configure the number of partitions for actor's reminders. If not provided, all reminders are saved as a single record in actor's state store. | 0 |
| `entitiesConfig` | Configure each actor type individually with an array of configurations. Any entity specified in the individual entity configurations must also be specified in the top level `entities` field. | N/A |

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> Actor timeouts and intervals use [Go's ParseDuration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) format. You can use various string formats to represent durations, including:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Actor timeouts and intervals use [Go's ParseDuration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) format. You can use various string formats to represent durations, for example:
```
